inscene: -, annie2

id:start
[photo]
This lake photo… Is that you with Walter and Tyler?

id:photo
Annie:Huh?
Annie:Oh yeah. I remember that photo. Honestly forgot I still had that up.
Annie:We used to be friends, I guess.
Annie:Or like, I mean, we still are… We just haven’t really been talking.
Annie:We used to be close. Walter was here first, he’s the fire watch. Then I moved here, and we hung out a lot. 
Annie:I think we were both enjoying the offline sort of connection. We didn’t really talk to anyone in person outside our jobs at that point.
Annie:Then Tyler crashed here with his trailer. And like, he’s a cool guy. We like the same music and stuff.
Annie:On the weekends we hung out with each other a lot. It was the only thing to really do here in the valley, for me at least.
Annie:There was an incident at some point, and we like, stopped talkin’ to each other after it happened. That was a while ago when we all still hung out with each other.
[falling]
You had a falling out?

id:falling
Annie:Yeah. It’s a long story.
Annie:But basically, one day, Tyler was setting up some sort of water pump at his little camp.
Annie:Walter was there to make sure he didn’t blow himself up. And I was there just to hang.
Annie:Walter had to go do firewatch stuff, as he does. And he was like, “Ty, don’t even think about starting the pump without me here.”
Annie:But like, when Walter was out of earshot, Tyler decided he was a big boy or something and flipped the switch.
Annie:The front of his truck just exploded, it was crazy.
Annie:Tyler kinda froze, and I freaked out and hopped in the truck and rammed it into the water tower.
Annie:I, like, totally wrecked his truck and his water thing and his farm, man. Flooded camp, wrecked front of truck, toppled over the tower, I think. Tyler was furious.
Annie:But then Walter comes running back, and he’s mad at Tyler for being stupid, and then he gets mad at ME, too!
Annie:He gets mad at ME for trying to help! 
Annie:Like, yeah, I can’t really see, but...
Annie:The truck was on fire! What was I supposed to do? It's not like I was gonna just sit back and let the whole site burn down! I was basically doing his fire watching job for him.
Annie:Ack, I dunno. It was such a stupid situation. I was so upset about how those two reacted. It was a split moment decision, geez...
[react]
Wow, that’s crazy!
[react]
That must have been hard.

id:react
:[Annie nods and pauses for a moment.]
[miss]
Do you miss hanging out with them?

id:miss
Annie:I mean, yeah. I do.
Annie:Those were simpler times. I wish things could go back to how they were.
Annie:...yeah.
:[Annie just sits there awkwardly for a few moments, collecting her thoughts.]
goto:end